hello friends today are making vegetable
salad was life or death we leave 3 cup
of rice one and a half cup of downtown
one first cup of tarragon and the world
is monopoly lipstick with is soaked in a
water cup four to five hours then you
will mix all these ingredients and grind
it into the kind of after Heidi maybe
get smooth paste into which we will add
quite a spoonful upskirt then we will
eat all these in the recommendation all
over the night hello pens now we make
smooth first recommendation and the
moisture Mossad Rosa win the Udo plate
chuckling for that we need for the pie
dried red chillies ginger-garlic paste
one and a half of Talia and some salt
and once the simple of tomato ketchup
and cost okay we'll know it potatoes
subject for that we need for potatoes
green chillies ginger-garlic paste good
until you take 230 k and some coriander
for garnish al ok parents my device
already so much
we put the butter on the pan
that's it hired some lunch then I this
day chuckling it's too hot so how much
will decline
then we pass nothing you add pocket or
subject in the center
that's it thick isn't way
ok any scoop then folding up this
direction so